how could you take this away from me
nobody's taking anything in Siberia
dictating some goddamn steno Clark so
you can finish this without me they
screwed up Aaron do I have your
attention now they screwed up and they
admit it the arbitration proposal they
sent might as well have been written in
Sanskrit for all the sense it made the
people in Hinkley I know I I spoke to
Ted
Pamela Duncan wouldn't even get on the
phone Thomas got everybody seen red with
that letter she wrote to the press she
called us thieves they're all listening
to it the whole thing is about to fall
apart
why cause before we even go to
arbitration we have to get the plane is
to agree how many usually they require
to get about 70% PG&E is demanding 90 in
other words everybody and you understand
this is serious and why I'm not serious
you're emotional look you're erratic you
saying it goddamn thing that comes into
your head you make this personal and it
isn't not personal that is my work my
sweat my time away from my kids if
that's not personal I don't know what
[Music]
come on go home get well because you're
no good to me sick I need you all right
this case needs you
did you tell them that
[Music]